Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
IT'S TEAM RAGNAROCK.
WHAT'S WITH THEIR EYES?
I DON'T KNOW, JACK,
BUT SOMETHING'S HAPPENING
THAT'S ACTIVATING OUR MARKS.
Halldor: THE SAFETY OF OUR WORLD
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
Yusei: HANGS IN THE BALANCE?
TEAM NEW WORLD
MUST BE DEFEATED.
AND THAT IS OUR MISSION.
THE MISSION OF THE
DUELISTS WITH THE RUNE EYES.
LISTEN, GUYS, WE WANNA
TAKE THEM DOWN, TOO.
WE SHOULD ALL JUST
WORK TOGETHER.
SORRY BUT I'M AFRAID
THE THREE NORDIC GOD CARDS
DON'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
AN ALLY WORTH HAVING, YUSEI.
JUST FORGET ABOUT THESE
THREE BOZOS, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE NEED
THEIR HELP ANYHOW.
AH, JACK, I SEE YOUR
DIVA ATTITUDE HASN'T CHANGED.
MY WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME.
YOU'RE SO ARROGANT
I'LL BET YOU STILL THINK
YOU REALLY WON
BACK WHEN WE DUELED.
YOU'RE OFF YOUR ROCKER.
OUR DUEL WAS A SETUP!
[GROWLS]
THEN IT'S SETTLED.
TOMORROW WE DUEL
TO SETTLE THINGS
BETWEEN JACK AND DRAGAN,
BUT EVEN MORE IMPORTANTLY,
TO SEE WHICH OF OUR TEAMS
GETS TO ADVANCE TO THE
GRAND PRIX FINALS.
[ENGINES ROARING]
GO TIME!
[GASP]
IMPOSSIBLE, THE CARDS I DREW,
THEY'RE THE SAME AS WHEN
JACK AND I DUELED BEFORE.
IT'S AS IF FATE HAS STEPPED IN.
NOW, WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
BEHOLD AS THE NORDIC
GLACIERS OF OLD GIVE WAY
AND FROM THE DEEPEST
CHASMS OF ICE,
AN ANCIENT AND
POWERFUL HERO EMERGES,
A HERO WHO WIELDS THE
QUAKING POWER OF A POUNDING
AVALANCHE.
BEHOLD THE ULTIMATE,
THE SUPREME,
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR.
THIS CARD, IT CHANGES
EVERYTHING.
GO, POLARIZING POUND.
[ROAR] - [CRASH]
[SCREAMS AH -- AH]
THERE'S NO QUESTION NOW, JACK,
THE DUELIST
YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE WAS
NOTHING BUT A GREAT BIG
LIE CREATED BY GOODWIN.
WELL, DON'T WORRY.
THOR IS ABOUT TO PUT
YOU OUT OF YOUR MISERY
FOR GOOD.
[♪...]
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS IN
HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS
I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[SUSTAINED CHORD FADES]
JACK'S ULTIMATE
MONSTER HAS BEEN MASHED,
AND ALL IT TOOK WAS A
SINGLE SWIPE FROM THAT
SUPER POWERED
HAMMER-SWINGER.
THERE'S NO QUESTION NOW,
JACK, THE DUELIST YOU
THOUGHT YOU WERE WAS
NOTHING BUT A GREAT BIG LIE
CREATED BY GOODWIN.
I PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[GRUNT] COME ON, DON'T LET HIM
GET TO YOU, JACK.
FOCUS ON THE MATCH.
FOCUS ON HOW TO TAKE THAT
BLUDGEONING BEHEMOTH DOWN
BECAUSE IF HE GOES, DRAGAN
GOES WITH HIM AND THEN I'LL
HAVE WON BACK MY
PRIDE AND TEAM 5D'S WILL BE
WELL ON ITS WAY TO
WINNING THIS MATCH.
MY TURN.
[BEEP]
MY, MY, JACK STILL THINKS
HE'S IN THIS.
REALITY WILL SET IN
SOON ENOUGH.
FIRST I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER BARRIER RESONATOR
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT I SWITCH TOP RUNNER
TO DEFENSE AS WELL.
FINALLY, I'LL PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
JACK'S FORTIFYING
HIS POSITION,
BUT IT WON'T DO ANY GOOD.
YOU FOOL, JACK.
DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU
CAN PROTECT YOURSELF
FROM A GOD CARD? MY TURN.
[BEEP]
AND FIRST, I'M ACTIVATING
MY NORDIC GOD THOR
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WITH IT, I CAN USE YOUR
TOP RUNNER'S ABILITY TO
INCREASE THOR'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 600.
SO NOW HE'S EVEN STRONGER?
THAT'S RIGHT, LEO.
THOR'S ABILITY LETS
HIM POWER UP EACH TURN.
AND DRAGAN'S NOT
DONE YET.
[SIGH]
NEXT I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
NORDIC RELIC MJOLLNIR.
WITH MJOLLNIR, NOT ONLY CAN THOR
BATTLE TWICE THIS TURN,
BUT HE DEALS YOU 1000
POINTS OF DAMAGE FOR EVERY
MONSTER THAT HE
DESTROYS IN BATTLE.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
OH MY!
THIS HIGH INTENSITY MATCH
UP HAS JUST GONE HIGH VOLTAGE.
NOW, THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR
ATTACK BARRIER RESONATOR.
GO THUNDER BOLT BLUDGEON.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[YELLS AH]
UH OH LOOKS LIKE JACK HAS BEEN
JOSTLED OUT OF CONTROL AND
IS DRIFTING WILDLY
DOWN THE DUEL TRACK.
STEADY IT OUT JACK.
[SCRAPING NOISE]
HE'S FINE.
BUT JUST BARELY.
SOMETHING'S UP, YUSEI.
YEAH, IT'S LIKE THE DAMAGE
JACK TOOK WAS REAL.
HUH? WAIT, WHAT DO
YOU MEAN, "REAL?"
WHOA. UNLESS THIS
DUELCASTER IS DREAMING,
IT LOOKS LIKE THOR'S POWER
PACKS A VERY REAL PUNCH.
BUT HOW IS IT POSSIBLE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
YUSEI, WE GOTTA
DO SOMETHING.
YEAH, CROW'S RIGHT
AGREED. THE QUESTION IS, WHAT?
HOW DISAPPOINTING...
I WAS ALMOST CERTAIN
THAT IT WOULD APPEAR
THAT THERE WOULD
BE AN EPIC CLASH.
OH WELL, I GUESS THOR
SIMPLY SCARED IT OFF.
NO WORRIES. THERE'S STILL PLENTY
OF BATTLE LEFT TO BEHOLD.
FOR MY SECOND STRIKE THOR
WILL NOW ATTACK YOUR TOP RUNNER.
GO THUNDER BOLT BLUDGEON.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(BLADE SCRAPING)
UH, UH
JACK, OH NO
NO, JACK. DON'T GIVE UP.
JACK IS HIT AGAIN.CAN HE COME
BACK FROM SUCH A SLAMMING
ASSAULT?
(HAND SLAMS)
THIS JUST ISN'T FAIR
JACK'S TAKING REAL
HITS OUT THERE.
REAL HARD HITS.
UH, YUSEI?
Luna: WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO? JACK
CAN'T TAKE MUCH MORE OF THIS.
HAD ENOUGH, JACK?
OH NO.HE'S LOST.
JACK'S LOST.
AND HE'S GOING TO BLAME ME
I GOTTA PACK MY BAGS. I GOTTA
HIDE OUT SOMEWHERE.
MAYBE GROW A MUSTACHE.
HMMPH. ONE 5 DS MEMBER IS DOWN,
A MERE TWO MORE MEMBERS TO GO.
HOLD ON.
JACK HASN'T LOST
HE'S WEATHERED THE WALLOP
AND LOOKS RARIN' TO GO
SORRY, DRAGAN.
BUT IF YOU'RE LOOKING
TO TAKE ME DOWN,
YOU'LL HAVE TO DO A
LOT BETTER THAN THAT.
HOORAY,
JACK'S STILL IN THIS.
OH.
NO MORE MUSTACHE. WHEW.
HA HA. MY,
THIS IS SO EXCITING.
BUT THEN OF COURSE WATCHING
HUMANS SQUIRM ALWAYS IS.
[LAUGHTER]
JACK HAD ME WORRIED THERE.
YEAH, ME TOO. BUT WE SHOULD KNOW
NEVER TO COUNT HIM OUT
YEAH.
I MUST ADMIT,
I'M IMPRESSED.
INDEED, BRODER. HE'S PLUCKY.
IT SEEMS THIS DUEL MEANS AS MUCH
TO JACK AS IT DOES TO DRAGAN.
SO BE IT, JACK. IF YOU WANT ME
TO DISH OUT EVEN MORE PUNISHMENT
I'LL BE HAPPY
TO ACCOMMODATE YOU.
JUST REMEMBER, THOUGH,
YOU ASKED FOR IT.
IS THAT RIGHT? WELL YOU SHOULD
REMEMBER SOMETHING AS WELL,
DRAGAN.
IN A DUEL, PUNISHMENT CAN
BE DISHED OUT BOTH WAYS, PAL.
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN. THE TRAP
CARD TUNER'S REFLECT.
AND IT REFLECTS KINDLY ON
ME BECAUSE IT LETS ME
TAKE THE TWO TUNERS
MONSTERS YOU DESTROYED
THIS TURN AND SUMMON
THEM BACK TO THE FIELD.
THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE ATTACK POINTS OF
THE MONSTERS
THAT WERE SUMMONED
DUE TO THIS EFFECT.
[LASER SOUNDS]
[GRUNTS]
YOU DIDN'T REALLY THINK THIS
DUEL WAS OVER, DID YOU?
ALL RIGHT. JACK HIT HIM WITH
1400 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
LOOK AT THE FOOLS CELEBRATE.
DON'T THEY REALIZE?
JACK HAS JUST 900 POINTS LEFT.
ONE STRIKE MEANS NOTHING.
ESPECIALLY SINCE THOR HAS
ONE LAST SPECIAL ABILITY
TO UNLEASH.
JACK WENT TO GREAT MEASURE
KEEPING THOSE TWO TUNERS OUT
CLEARLY HE'S PLANNING TO
SUMMON A SYNCHRO MONSTER.
AND I SAY, GO RIGHT AHEAD.
NO MONSTER STANDS
A CHANCE AGAINST THOR.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
THEN NOW IT'S THE
MASTER OF FASTER'S TURN.
SO HERE GOES
FIRST I PLAY THE EFFECT OF THE
FIELD SPELL SPEED WORLD 2
NOW BY REMOVING
4 SPEED COUNTERS,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH SPEED SPELL
CARD IN MY HAND
[GRUNT]
I SEE, JACK. SINCE YOU CAN'T
HURT THOR,
YOU'VE SET YOUR SIGHTS ON MY
LIFE POINTS INSTEAD.
WISHFUL THINKING, DRAGAN.
NOT ONLY CAN I HURT
THOR, BUT I WILL TOO, RIGHT NOW
HERE'S YOUR FIRST
HELPING OF PUNISHMENT
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
DESCENDING LOST STAR.
IT LETS ME BRING ONE
SYNCHRO MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD
BACK TO THE
FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE
SO RISE AGAIN
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
[ROAR]
HOWEVER, DUE TO DESCENDING
LOST STAR,
ARCHFIEND'S ABILITY IS NEGATED,
HIS LEVEL IS DECREASED,
HIS DEFENSE POINTS BECOME ZERO
AND HE CAN NO LONGER
CHANGE BATTLE MODES.
SO YOU BROUGHT HIM
BACK TO BATTLE
SIMPLY TO USE AS
A GREAT BIG SHIELD?
IF ONLY YOU WERE
SO LUCKY, DRAGAN.
SAY WHAT?
DRAGAN, I WANT YOU TO LOOK VERY
CLOSELY UPON ME.
DO YOU SEE THIS GLOW? IT'S THE
GLOW OF MY RAGING SPIRIT.
MY BLAZING SOUL
LEVEL 4 TOP RUNNER AND
LEVEL 1 BARRIER RESONATOR
DOUBLE TUNE NOW WITH LEVEL
7 RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
OH NO
HOLD ON, DOUBLE TUNE?
[♪...]
BEHOLD AS THE STARS
HIGH ABOVE IN THE SKY
AND THE FIRE DEEP DOWN
BELOW IN THE EARTH
COLLIDE IN A COSMIC
EXPLOSION TO SYNCHRO SUMMON.
RED NOVA DRAGON.
Red Nova Dragon is a level
12 dragon-type monster
with 3500 attack points
and 3000 defense points.
[CHEERING CROWD]
THAT THING'S HUGE.
THERE'S NO WAY
JACK CAN LOSE NOW.
AWESOME
ALL RIGHT. TIME TO TURN THIS
DUEL AROUND, JACK.
LET'S GO
[ENGINE ROAR]
ABSOLUTELY ASTOUNDING
TWO TITANS ARE ABOUT
TO GO TOE TO TOE
WHAT IS THAT MONSTER?
I'VE NEVER SEEN THAT BEAST
BEFORE - I HAVE NO DATA ON IT
YUSEI? WHERE'D JACK GET THAT
CARD?
NOT SURE
BUT IT SEEMS ALMOST AS IF
IT'S A PART OF WHO HE IS.
THE RED NOVA DRAGON
MY RUNE EYE SENSES A
GREAT DEAL OF POWER.
[ELECTRICAL SOUNDS]
YUSEI, LOOK
RED NOVA DRAGON
AND THOR
IT'S LIKE THEY'RE SQUARING OFF
SEEMS TODAY YOU'VE DECIDED
TO UNVEIL A NEW MONSTER
SO BE IT.
LET'S SEE JUST
WHAT'S HE GOT
NOW JACK, DO YOUR WORST.
IMPOSSIBLE SEE RED NOVA
DRAGON GAINS 500 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY TUNER
MONSTER THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD
RIGHT NOW, I HAVE TWO -
TOP RUNNER AND BARRIER
RESONATOR,
SO NOVA
POWERS UP BY 1000
4500 ATTACK POINTS?
NOVA'S THE
STRONGER MONSTER
RIGHT. THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR
HAS JUST 3500 ATTACK POINTS.
SO THAT MEANS IF RED
NOVA DRAGON ATTACKS
AND DESTROYS THOR
1000 POINTS OF
DAMAGE WILL BE DEALT
AND DRAGAN WILL HAVE JUST
200 LIFE POINTS LEFT.
AND THE BEST PART
IS, ON THE NEXT TURN,
JACK WILL HAVE ACCUMULATED
4 SPEED COUNTERS
SO IF HE USES SPEED
WORLD 2'S EFFECT
THEN NO MATTER WHAT MONSTER
DRAGAN HAS OUT ON DEFENSE.
JACK CAN STILL DEAL HIM
800 POUNDING POINTS OF DAMAGE.
AND THAT'S MORE
THAN ENOUGH TO BEAT
HIM IN THIS DUEL.
NOW, RED
NOVA DRAGON, ATTACK THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE.
IT SEEMS YOU STILL
DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THE THREE NORDIC GODS
AREN'T SIMPLY DUEL CARDS,
THEY WERE ONCE REAL
AND RULED THE EARTH
THEREFORE THEIR POWER
IS REAL, AS WELL
AND THE LIKES OF YOU
WILL NEVER VANQUISH IT
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN.
THE TRAP RAGING
SACRED CURSE
I'M ONLY ALLOWED TO
ACTIVATE THIS CARD WHEN A
GOD IS PRESENT
ON MY FIELD
A GOD LIKE THOR AND
BECAUSE HE IS,
I CAN NOW REDUCE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 2000.
OH NO, RED NOVA DRAGON.
OH YES, AND THE MONSTER
AFFECTED BY SACRED CURSE
CAN'T BE DISAFFECTED WITH
ANY OF YOUR SPELL
OR TRAP CARDS.
NO!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
ANOTHER TRAP CARD.
SOLEMN AUTHORITY
NOW, UNTIL MY SECOND
STANDBY PHASE, THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR ISN'T
AFFECTED BY THE EFFECTS
OF ANY TRAP CARDS THAT YOU
MAY SEEK TO ENSNARE HIM WITH.
AH.
AW, GREAT
AND THINGS WE'RE
LOOKING SO BRIGHT.
NOW, SO LONG AS THOR
IS ON THE FIELD,
NOT ONLY CAN JACK NOT USE
A SPELL OR TRAP CARD TO
POWER UP RED NOVA DRAGON.
BUT HE CAN'T ACTIVATE ANY
TRAP CARD AGAINST THOR,
LORD OF THE AESIR EITHER.
ACCEPT IT JACK,
YOU'VE BEEN OUTMANEUVERED,
OUTMATCHED AND STRAIGHT UP
OUT DUELED.
YOU'RE WRONG.
POOR JACK,
HE'S CLEARLY IN DENIAL.
AFTER ALL, THOR,
HAS 3500 ATTACK POINTS,
AND JACK'S RED NOVA DRAGON
NOW HAS BUT 2500.
WHEN THIS BATTLE
CONCLUDES,
JACK WILL TAKE 1000
POINTS OF DAMAGE
AND SINCE HE ONLY HAS A MERE
900 LEFT HE'LL LOSE.
AHH.
IT'S OVER JACK.
GO THUNDER BOLT BLUDGEOUN!
SEEMS LIKE IT'S ALL
COMING DOWN TO THIS.
SO IF YOU'RE WITH ME
FRIENDS LET ME KNOW.
WE ARE. WE'RE HERE.
FEEL US, AND THE BOND WE SHARE.
GO JACK!
I ACTIVATE MY
FACEDOWN CARD,
THE TRAP BURNING REBIRTH.
WITH IT, I RELEASE
RED NOVA DRAGON.
(EXPLOSION)
YOU'RE DUMPING HIM ?
THAT'S RIGHT. BECAUSE DUE TO
BURNING REBIRTH'S EFFECT,
BY SACRIFICING
RED NOVA DRAGON,
I CAN THEN BRING BACK RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND THIS TIME IT'S
EQUIPPED WITH BURNING REBIRTH.
HOWEVER, WHEN I GET
RID OF BURNING REBIRTH,
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND MUST
LEAVE THE FIELD WITH IT.
HOW'S THIS HAPPENING?
I THOUGHT RED NOVA
DRAGON COULD NO LONGER BE
AFFECTED BY JACK'S
SPELLS OR TRAPS.
HE CAN'T BE.
BUT JACK DIDN'T USE HIS
TRAP'S EFFECT
ON RED NOVA DRAGON...
YOU SEE, LEO, IN ORDER
TO USE BURNING REBIRTH...
JACK HAD TO RELEASE
NOVA AS A COST.
UH-HUH - AND NOW DRAGAN'S
FINALLY GONNA PAY THE PRICE.
RISE UP
MIGHTY RED
DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
[ROARING]
THAT WAS VERY CLEVER TO
DISMISS NOVA, JACK...
HOWEVER, ARCHFIEND HAS
JUST 3000 ATTACK POINTS.
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR
OVERPOWERS HIM BY 500.
WE'LL SEE JUST ABOUT THAT.
YOU SEE, DRAGAN.
BURNING REBIRTH HAS
A SECOND EFFECT.
BY SENDING A TUNER MONSTER
AND REBIRTH TO THE GRAVE
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THE SYNCHRO
I FIRST RELEASED...
SO GUESS WHO'S
COMING BACK.
OH NO!
NOW THIS CARD
FROM MY HAND
ALONG WITH DRAGON
ARCHFIEND AND THE BURNING
REBIRTH OUT ON MY FIELD
WILL BE SACRIFICED SO
A GREAT POWER CAN
RISE ONCE MORE.
NOW WITHOUT
ANY FURTHER ADO
RETURN TO THE DUEL,
MIGHTY RED NOVA DRAGON.
[BIG ROAR]
AND DUE TO NOVA DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
AN ADDITIONAL 500
POINTS ARE INFUSED INTO
HIS ATTACKING
TOTAL FOR EVERY
TUNER MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD.
SO SINCE I HAVE THREE
TRAP EATER, TOP RUNNER AND
BARRIER RESONATOR
RED NOVA DRAGON'S ASSAULT
CAPABILITIES ARE UPGRADED
BY A POWER-PACKED 1500.
5000 ATTACK POINTS.
AMAZING!
BY SENDING RED NOVA DRAGON
TO THE GRAVE AND THEN
RE-SUMMONING HIM
TO THE FIELD,
JACK WAS ABLE TO SIDE
STEP THE EFFECT
OF RAGING SACRED CURSE.
I'VE NEVER WITNESSED
SUCH A STRATEGY BEFORE.
AND TO MAKE
MATTERS WORSE...
NOVA'S NOW
STRONGER THAN THOR.
MUCH STRONGER.
WAY TO GO, JACK.
NOW TAKE HIM DOWN, BUDDY.
I INTEND TO.
RED NOVA DRAGON, ATTACK
WITH BURNING SOUL STRIKE.
[BIG ROAR]
[EXPLOSION]
AAH.
DRAGAN.
AND
THE DUEL BETWEEN JACK AND
DRAGAN HAS BEEN DECIDED.
BEHOLD, YOUR VICTOR.
ALRIGHT. AWESOME. RIGHT ON.
HE DID IT.
JACK WON, YUSEI.
YEAH.
(CHEERING) YEAH. ALRIGHT.
HOORAY. YEAH.
I ALWAYS KNEW THAT YOU
COULD DO IT, JACKIE.
GREAT JOB.
JACK... WON...?
I'M SO
RELIEVED HE'S NOT GOING TO
KNOCK ME OUT THAT I
COULD JUST PASS OUT.
(UH, AH)
THIS CROWD IS GOING
COMPLETELY CRAZY FOR JACK.
GRRR.
WELL IT
SEEMS THAT YOU TRULY ARE A
CHAMPION, JACK ATLAS.
DRAGAN, THIS DUEL WITH YOU HAS
TAUGHT ME NOT TO CARE ABOUT
TITLES ANYMORE.
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
THAT REALLY MATTERS NOW.
WHERE ALL MY FOCUS IS.
AND WHERE'S THAT?
IT'S GETTING TO THE GRAND
PRIX FINALS AND STOPPING
TEAM NEW WORLD.
I SEE.
IT WOULD SEEM THAT YOU AND I ARE
NOT ALL THAT DIFFERENT.
AFTER ALL, IT'S BECOME
QUITE CLEAR THAT WE BOTH
HAVE THE SAME ULTIMATE GOAL.
BUT JACK, ONLY ONE OF
US CAN REACH THAT GOAL.
AND EVEN THOUGH I
DO RESPECT YOU NOW,
I CAN'T LET IT BE YOU.
IT WILL BE MY TEAM -
THE TEAM WITH THE RUNE EYES.
TEAM RAGNAROCK.
WHAT'S THIS ?
NO WAY.
WHAT'S THAT SHAKING?
[METAL CLANGS]
[THUNDER STRIKES]
HE'S BACK?
YEAH IT SURE
LOOKS THAT WAY.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
I MAY HAVE LOST,
BUT THOR HAS NOT.
YOU SEE, WHEN A GOD ON
THE FIELD IS DESTROYED AND
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
HE'S SUMMONED BACK TO THE
FIELD DURING THAT
TURN'S END PHASE.
HE'S WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT, JACK ATLAS.
YOUR MIGHTY RED NOVA
DRAGON MAY HAVE WON THIS
EARLY BATTLE, BUT THE
WAR IS FAR FROM OVER.
OH AND WHEN THOR IS RE-SUMMONED
DUE TO THIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[EXPLOSION]
AAAH.
[ALL GASP]
HE'S DRIFTING AWAY.
Yusei: JACK, NO!